Tom's note:
I think it is important here, at the start of the Discussion, to remind the readers exactly what hypotheses were 
tested, and then make sure, in non-statistical terms, they know what the findings were. Going back into the 
Introduction themes leaves the reader unsure what the true outcome was, and I am not at all sure. Once we all know 
that, then you want to discuss your findings per se, followed by gradually broadening the scope to discuss them in 
light of broader conservation concerns for salmon (wild – hatchery, etc.) and then for other animals. A paragraph 
for caveats follows that, and then you end with the conclusions. OK?] 

Hypotheses statement:
My research seeks to assess whether the abundances of pink salmon observed in recent decades at Indian River exist 
within a natural range of variation relative to pink salmon streams elsewhere in the region, and to evaluate if and 
to what extent Sheldon Jackson Hatchery operations have driven increasing abundance since 1980. This is 
accomplished by evaluating three hypotheses. 1) Pink salmon population dynamics at Indian River are separate from 
those observed at ADFG index streams in the region. A state-space model which specifies pink salmon abundance at 
Indian River as separate from pink salmon abundance elsewhere in the region will better fit available data than a 
model which does not make this distinction. 2) The 1975 commencement and/or 2010 expansion of hatchery operations 
has had some measurable impact on Indian River pink salmon population densities. A before-after control-impact 
(BACI) analysis will estimate a significant effect of treatment. And 3) the number of pink salmon juveniles 
released by SJH in brood year t-1 is impacting pink salmon abundance observed at Indian River in brood year t. An 
autoregressive model will estimate this “cross effect” as significant. Each of these approaches is discussed in 
greater detail in the following section.

Ideal structure:
p1 - Open with brief restatement of goals and hypotheses
p2 - common patterns at IR?
p3 - Detail: even (h1, h2, h3)
p4 - Detail: odd (h1, h2, h3)
p5 - what does this all mean for the system?
p6 - what does this all mean for overabundant native species in general?
	Something like that?